Fix language and typos (#979)
grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource: docs/sources/references/mock-series.md

# Creating Mock time series data using Infinity

> This **Expression** query type helps you to simulate/mock the timeseries data.

Reviewer: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/word-list/#time-series
```suggestion
This **Expression** query type helps you to simulate/mock the time series data.
```
